October product update (#76)
mintlify/mintlify.com: src/pages/blog/october-2023/index.mdx

import { ArticleLayout } from '@/components/blog/ArticleLayout'

export const meta = {
  title: 'Mintlify Product Update October 2023',
  description:
    'What we launched in October: Persisting Auth Tokens, CLI Errors Handling, and more. ',
  mobileImageUrl: '/static/images/blog/august-2023/mobile.png',
  desktopImageUrl: '/static/images/blog/august-2023/mobile.png',
  author: 'Josh Kim',
  authorRole: 'Operations',
  date: 'October 31, 2023',
  categories: ['Featured', 'Product'],
  authorImageUrl: '/static/images/blog/authors/josh.jpg',
  readingTime: '2 minute read',
}

export default (props) => <ArticleLayout meta={meta} {...props} />

<img
  src="/static/images/blog/october-2023/desktop.png"
  alt="blog thumbnail"
  className="w-full rounded-md"

> />

Reviewer: Not an actionable atm, but I think we need to get a new template for the designs. Not a big fan

In October, we brought new feature improvements to our platform, including a new CLI upgrade, improved version stability, multiple frontend and UX improvements with the API Playground, and more.

Here’s a detailed look at all our latest updates this past month:

## API Playground Upgrades

<video className="w-full" controls>
  <source src="/static/images/blog/october-2023/bearer-persisting.mp4" type="video/mp4" />
</video>

> Since the release of the revamped API Playground, we've made several strides, including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the release of the revamped API Playground, we've made several major improvements, including:
```
